Spotify uses 'aura' colors to categroise it's users. The Auras are as follows:

Purple: This aura color pairs well with passionate music listeners. Purple auras tune in to get amped up, entertained, and moving while they navigate the twists and turns of their day.
Green: Calm, analytical, and introspective are the traits that describe a green aura. These listeners gravitate toward complex music to tame their fast-moving minds.
Pink: Often described as the hopeless romantics of the aura spectrum, pinks view the world with a sense of optimistic, childlike wonder.
Orange: Oranges are the rebellious and bold type. They share a need for high-energy, confidence-boosting sounds.
Yellow: Yellows like their music to align them to the goals of their day, fueling their need for focus, motivation, and self improvement all while reducing any nerves that could get in the way.
Blue: Blues are wistful or emotional, and this hue reflects listeners who seek out music to feel their feelings out loud.

I ran the following queries to get the average energy, valence, and danceability of the users songs:

SELECT AVG(energy) FROM songs;
SELECT AVG(valence) FROM songs;
SELECT AVG(danceability) FROM songs;

These were the results:

energy = 0.65906
valence = 0.484443
danceability = 0.71646

The energy is higher than the midpoint, but I would not consider it high enough to be considered 'high-energy'. This means I would not considered it Orange.
The valence is just under halfway, I would not consider that negative enough for Blue.
The danceability is high, so I don't think it would be good focus music I would not consider it Yellow.

That leaves Purple, Green, and Pink. If I had to guess, I would say the user has a 'Purple aura'.
Purple auras tune in to get amped up and entertained whilst navigating their day, which I think the energy and danceability averages match.
The valence average is quite neutral and so it means this user would not fit into auras that are either too happy or too emotional.
I think this fits with the idea that this person listens to slightly up beat background music whilst getting on with their day.

However, with these three values alone, it is difficult to come up with an aura for this user.
Including the key, tempo, loudness, and speechiness of the songs would also help come up with an Aura for the user.
I would also use the artist and the genre of music the artist makes in my decision for an aura.
